first stab at #119 (#123)
thomas-fossati/draft-psa-token: draft-tschofenig-rats-psa-token.md

--- abstract

The Platform Security Architecture (PSA) is a set of hardware and firmware
specifications, backed by reference implementations and a security

> certification program.  The security specifications have been published by Arm,

Author: done in [5423409](https://github.com/thomas-fossati/draft-psa-token/pull/123/commits/5423409d6aa36b91f78e9e43a8d1e058820a968f)

Further details on concepts expressed below can be found in the PSA Security
Model documentation {{PSA-SM}}.

> {{PSACertified}} is an independent collaborative effort maintained by companies from multiple sectors including evaluation laboratories, semiconductor IP and security consultancy to build security best practices into devices at scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Platform Security Architecture (PSA) is a set of security specifications accompanied by reference implementations, which are combined in a security certification scheme. The specifications as well as information about the security certification is maintained by {{PSACertified}}. While the security specifications have been published by Arm, the certification scheme called "PSA Certified" as well as the reference implementations are a collaborative effort by companies from multiple sectors, including evaluation laboratories, semiconductor IP and security consultancy, to improve security of IoT devices.
```
